hi again my name is Gavin sure I work
for Campbell scientific here in
Australia and in this video I'm just
going to be going through some of the
topics that we cover in our training
courses that we take around the country
right now start up with the three-day
course in this video it's an
introductory course it's for beginners
so don't worry if you haven't used the
gear before or if you have any
programming before anything like that
you can still come along to our
introductory course it's three days and
we cover things like device
configuration utility and log in it
that's the software that we have to
interface to our log is will show you
how to use those to connect up to logger
and change settings send a program over
download data look at current
measurements look at the status table to
see how the logger is faring I guess
things like battery voltage and panel
temperature and things like that will
show you how to graph your data in Excel
will show you how to graph it in our
software as well just all sorts of
different ways to display what your log
has been collecting while it's been up
in the field will also go through the
hardware of the CL 1000 or the CR 800
because they're very similar we'll go
through the channels will go through
what sensors connected which channels
will go through how much memory the
logger has things like that now it's we
call it a programming course so there's
definitely some programming involved
most of day 2 out of these three days I
will spend on programming we're going to
bring some sensors with things like wind
speed and direction sensors temperature
and rh sensors a bunch of different
weather sensors for you to play with if
you have your own senses please bring
those along as well we'll show you how
to wire them up we'll show you how to
program for them will show you how to
collect the data later just all those
things you need to do with your senses
so definitely bring those along if you
do have some senses with you now we go
through other things as well sort of in
the middle of the programming and the
software
we cover things like STI 12 sensors so
if you have some STI 12 sensors and need
to program for them we'll cover those
wiring up multiplexers to measure
multiple sensors will go through that as
well we go through schedule collections
setting up a schedule and login it we go
through RF 411 radios hard to connect
all your loggers together in the network
using radios and there'll be lots of
time for one-on-ones lots of time during
day 2 and day 3 that if you have a
particular application in mind I just
tapped me on the shoulder we can go
through the whole application what's
involved in programming what's involved
in wiring and everything else so loads
of time if you've got something in mind
that you want to talk about so that's a
three day course it's for beginners so
don't worry if you haven't programmed
before now if you have been using our
software and you do know a little bit
about the loggers and how to program
them but you want to do some more
advanced things like SMS and email and
things like that that's what our
advanced courses for so to be sure to
check out the advanced course video if
you are interested in those sort of
things alright thanks for listening and
I'll see you next time